Plezzus

Draw Software Module End User License Agreement.

This License Agreement forms a legally binding contract between Plezzus, LLC
("Plezzus"), a Texas Limited Liability Company, and you ("Licensee"), either an
individual or a single entity, in relation to your use of the Draw Software
Module ("Module").

Accepting this License Agreement

You agree to be bound by this License Agreement if (a) you click to accept this
License Agreement where this option is made available or (b) you copy, install,
or use the Module. If you do not agree with the terms of this License Agreement,
you may not not install or use the Module. If you are agreeing to this License
Agreement on behalf of your employer or other entity, you must have the full
legal authority to bind your employer or entity to this License Agreement.

Grant of License

Subject to the terms of this License Agreement, Plezzus grants the Licensee a
limited, worldwide, royalty-free, non-assignable, non-sublicensable,
non-exclusive and non-transferable license to install and use multiple copies of
the Module for the sole purpose of developing software applications that operate
in conjunction with the Module.

Rights and Restrictions

The Module may not be used for software development by anyone other than the
Licensee.

Plezzus owns all legal right, title and interest in and to the Module, including
any intellectual property rights that subsist in the Module.

The Licensee may not lease, lend, share, redistribute, or sublicense the Module,
portions of the Module, or any modified form of the Module, with the sole
exception that the Licensee may redistribute in unmodified form files designated
as "redistributable" solely in conjunction with software applications that have
been developed by the Licensee and that make use of those files. The Module's
documentation identifies which files are redistributable. The Licensee may not
provide any means by which end users could incorporate the Module or portions or
the Module into their own software.

Use, reproduction and distribution of components of the Module licensed under an
open source software license are governed solely by the terms of that open
source software license and not this License Agreement.

The Licensee may not use use any of Plezzus's trade names, trademarks, service
marks, logos, domain names, or other distinctive brand features.

The Licensee may not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights notices
(including copyright and trademark notices) in the Module.

The Licensee may not reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Module, or
attempt to reconstruct or discover any of Plezzus's source code, underlying
ideas, algorithms, trade secrets or other proprietary information.

The Module that Plezzus provides may change without prior notice and future
versions of the Module may be incompatible with applications developed using
previous versions of the Module. Plezzus may also stop (temporarily or
permanently) providing the Module at Plezzus's sole discretion and without prior
notice to the Licensee.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

PLEZZUS PROVIDES THE SOFTWARE MODULE "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY
AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  PLEZZUS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE THE
MODULE WILL MEET THE LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE MODULE
WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE.  THE LICENSEE BEARS THE ENTIRE RISK ARISING
OUT OF USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE MODULE.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

PLEZZUS WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE LICENSEE UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT
MAY BE INCURRED BY THE LICENSEE (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS
OF PROFITS, WORK STOPPAGE, DATA LOSS, DAMAGE TO COMPUTER SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE,
FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, LOSS OF PRIVACY, NEGLIGENCE, PERSONAL INJURY, AND ANY
OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER), WHETHER OR NOT PLEZZUS OR ITS
REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

Indemnification

To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Licensee will defend, indemnify and
hold harmless Plezzus and its members from and against any and all claims,
actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities,
damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of
or accruing from (a) the Licensee's use of the Module, or (b) any end user's use
of the Module or of an application the Licensee has developed in conjunction
with the Module, or (c) any non-compliance by the Licensee with this License
Agreement.

Termination

Plezzus may at any time, terminate this License Agreement with the Licensee if
the Licensee fails to comply with any provision of this License Agreement.  Upon
termination, the Licensee must destroy all copies of the Module and all of its
component parts, and must remove all uses of the Module or any modified version
of the Module immediately from all applications developed by the Licensee that
use it.

Governing Law

This License Agreement and the Licensee's relationship with Plezzus under this
License Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Texas, excluding
its conflict of laws provisions.

Entire Agreement

This License Agreement constitutes the entire legal agreement between the
Licensee and Plezzus, governing the Licensee's use of the Module and completely
replacing any prior agreements between the Licensee and Plezzus in relation to
the Module.
